Remove obsolete `Concat` method (#1002)
morelinq/MoreLINQ: README.md

Returns a sequence consisting of the head element and the given tail elements.

> This method was removed with version 4.0. Use `Append`
> instead.

Reviewer: Would be worth calling out to use `Append` from .NET (the one from MoreLINQ may be removed as part of PR #945):

```suggestion
This extension was rendered obsolete in version 3.0 and eventually removed in
version 4.0. Use [`Append`][linq-append] from .NET instead that's been available
since .NET Standard 1.6+, .NET Core 1.0+ and .NET Framework 4.7.1+.

[linq-append]: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.append
```
